TODO
====

Version 2.1
-----------

Add more Linux distribution packages.
Update docs
	- Add details about windows/unix paths. Patterns need correct separators
	- Install with windows installer and test
	- Install with Mac installer and test
	- Install with Linux installer and test
	- Install with OpenSuSE RPM's and test
		
Version 2.2
-----------
Findout and fix why the mediainfo tool can't handle filenames with a ? in them.
If no <stores/> element, then add default stores
If no <sources/> element, them add defauly sources
Add a getting started guide and link to a button in the installer
Improve mp4 metadata
	* Set the cnID atom
			*Note* This id has to be the same on the low and high def versions.
			       This can be obtained from parsing the app store data (their is a web api).
			       Or maybe just setting it to the id of the item, however this would 
			       not be compatible with stuff downloaded in iTunes. 			  
Add script support
	New <script> element for the config file. This will contain global script functions
	Add ability to execute scripts before and after a processing operation of each media directory.
	Add ability to execute scripts before importing form incoming directory
	Make it possible to have actions completely written in scripts	
Extend patterns
	* Allow multiple patterns
	* Allow patterns to be the result of ruby scripts. This will allow for very advance patterns.
Allow script section to be loaded from files
Add tool to rename media files to have filenames without non ascii characters.
Create man pages for commands
Add ability to create reports.
	- Should be possible to generate reports in different formats (html,txt,xml)
	- Reports of new media added to all media dir's
	- Reports of files that media details could not be found for
	- Most recently aired report	
Update to latest branch of XBMC scrapers
Allow TV episodes to contain more than one episode
	- Add rename pattern for the other episodes in the file
Add support for finding Special Episode information and renaming the files	 
Add support for Music Videos
Add support for Music
Make native MacOSX installer
Make native Windows installer
Replace windows .bat files with native .exe launchers
Allow the checking for updates period to be configured (Default once a day)
Add "remove from store" command line tool
Local file Database store
Remote Database store

Version 2.3
-----------
SeenDBFixer
    - Remove items that are not matching rename pattern, if their is a rename action
Add a tool for specifying a Media's ID and changing all the stored data.
Handle episode files that contain multiple episodes
Make the search strategies extendable via plugins.
Implement a pure java MP4 Manager
Option to delete anything that did not get renamed in the NFO folder
Create XBMC nfo files from a store instead of the source
    * Also test this with XBMC to make sure it works as expected
Allow ignore tokens to be configured
Add support for TV to the TagChimp Source
Deamon mode
UPnP server
Add scripting support for sources, actions, stores and searching strategies
